We took my mother, Lia M. Kushner, to a baseball game at Tiger Stadium.  She looked at the infield with great curiosity and said, "Who are those strange men in blue suits standing around the bases?"  My mother was never an authority on baseball but that doesn't matter.  Baseball is just a game.

When it comes to issues of hard work and responsibilility my mom was, absolutely, an authority!  Raising three kids was a very difficult job especially when one is autistic.  When my dad went through a long period of unemployment my mom stepped in as a full time secretary for 10 years at the County of Washtenaw.  In so many ways, she was the glue that kept the family together.

Teaching us the importance of school work, keeping clean, eating right and so on stamped an importance on me that I still cherish to this day and always will cherish.  It was boring at first when lunch was relatively the same.  A sandwich and a piece of fruit.  It became so monotonous, me and my sister made a song about it.  But at least the sandwich and the piece of fruit were different every day.  That put a stamp on me as well since today, as an adult, I eat healthy lunches consisting of a samdwich and a piece of fruit.  And something else because my stomach has grown 33% bigger than when I was a kid.  But the additional thing I eat for lunch such as yogurt or canned fruit to name a couple, are nutricious like the sandwich and the piece of fruit and that importance of nutrition --- I credit to my mom.

She stressed other important things in life such as reading the newspaper, movie and music classics, and broadening your horizons, Alex.  She asked us what famous musicians wrote the best lyrics.  When I said "The Beatles" she said "No, No, No, No!!!".  She meant someone who music professors would appreciate.  I don't remember who it was but it was someone music professors would definitely give a lot more credit to than the Beatles.  They would also say my mom's taste in music was far superior to mine.

My father, Alvin A. Kushner, 9/1929 - 4/2006, was an extremely important part of her life.  She feels he will always be with him and she will always be in our hearts forever.